Coalition Miners (#7276)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/coalition/coalition weapons.txt

	"random spin" 2
	"random velocity" 10
	"velocity scale" -.1

outfit "MCS Extractor"
	category "Guns"
	licenses
		Coalition
	cost 106000
	thumbnail "outfit/mcs extractor"
	"mass" 18
	"outfit space" -18
	"weapon capacity" -18
	"gun ports" -1
	weapon
		sound "drill"
		"hit effect" "drilling"
		"velocity" 10
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" .78
		"firing heat" .68
		"shield damage" .2
		"hull damage" 1.4
		"minable damage" 8.2
	description `Not legally a weapon under Heliarch definitions, the "Mineral Collection and Sorting" extraction unit consists of a set of sharp, durable blades designed to quickly break down mineable asteroids.`

> 	description `	Especially popular with novice pilots looking to pay off their ships, the extractor has been a reliable tool of the Coalition mining business for millennia.`

Reviewer: This line makes it seem like there's a singular central mining guild/house in the Coalition? just questioning whether this is the case. If not a better description may be:
```suggestion
	description `	Especially popular with novice pilots looking to pay off their ships, the extractor has been a reliable tool of mining businesses in the Coalition for millennia.`
```

effect "drilling"
	sprite effect/smoke
		"no repeat"
		scale 0.5
	sound "explosion tiny"
	lifetime 12
	"velocity scale" -0.05
	"random angle" 360
	"random velocity" 2
	"random spin" 2

> 	"random frame rate" 2

Reviewer: Given that this is a civilian outfit with little to no offensive capabilities, would this be better under the generic outfits file as this isn't a weapon per se? Just a question over whether or not it should be moved but it's fine leaving it in here if wished.

Author: It's still a weapon to the game (`Gun`, to be specific), so I felt it should be with the other weapons.
Also, while it is pretty terrible at it, it **can** be used for combat, similar to how in other games we have some joke-weapons, like the Ladle in Dark Souls 2.

	"random spin" 2
	"random velocity" 10
	"velocity scale" -.1

outfit "MCS Extractor"
	category "Guns"
	licenses
		Coalition
	cost 106000
	thumbnail "outfit/mcs extractor"
	"mass" 18
	"outfit space" -18
	"weapon capacity" -18
	"asteroid scan power" 18
	"gun ports" -1
	weapon
		sound "drill"
		"hit effect" "drilling"
		"velocity" 10
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" .78
		"firing heat" .68
		"shield damage" .2
		"hull damage" 1.4
		"minable damage" 8.2

> 	description `Not legally a weapon under Heliarch definitions, the "Mineral Collection and Sorting" extraction unit consists of a set of sharp, durable blades designed to quickly break down mineable asteroids. It also comes with an integrated scanning system that looks for asteroids rich in minerals, to facilitate the mining efforts.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `Not legally a weapon under Heliarch definitions, the "Mineral Collection and Sorting" extraction unit consists of a set of sharp, durable blades designed to quickly break down minable asteroids. It also comes with an integrated scanning system that looks for asteroids rich in minerals to facilitate the mining efforts.`
```
While mineable and minable are both correct, the game consistently uses minable.
